Changes to log configuration docs (#148)
yugabyte/terraform-provider-ybm: docs/resources/db_query_logging.md

page_title: "ybm_db_query_logging Resource - ybm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-

>   The resource to manage DB query log configuration for a cluster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Use this resource to configure database query logging for a cluster, and specify the export configuration (created using the ybm_integration resource) to use for log export. When assigned to a cluster, cluster query logs are exported to the sink defined in the export configuration.
```
